How do you create several grid tracks of the same size without manually typing each one out?

We can use the repeat() function. It`s a css functin available to the css Grid template properties 
that allows us to define a number of rows or columns and the size we want them to be without having
to manually type out each individual track`s size.

What is the difference between a static and a dynamic size value?

Dynamic, in this context, simply means "flexible" or "responsive in some way". The opposite of dynamic
is static, or fixed at a certain defined height, like 150px, which we used in the setup of the sample grid.
The most basic way to make our grid items dynamic is by using fractional units, also known as fr.

How can you assing a grid track a flexible value that changes depending on the remaining space available in the grid?

The most basic way to make our grid items dynamic is by using fractional units, also known as fr.
The fr unit is a way of distributing whatever remaining space is left in the grid. For example, if we have a four-column grid
with a total width of 400px and four grid items each on a column track assigned 1 fr as their size, all of the grid items should
be given one fraction of that 400px of space, which is 100 pixels.

How can you assign grid tracks an eneven distribution of the remaining space in a grid?

We can also tell out grid items to distribute the remaining space disproportionately. For example, if we divide the 5 columns up
by giving the first two a track size of 2 fr and the remaining three a track size of 1fr, the first two tracks will be given twice
as much remaining space as the others. The key here is that the first two columns are assigned 2fr units and the remaining three are 
assigned 1fr. This means that as the grid grows and shrinks dynamically, the space will be distributed in different amounts between 
these column, specifically, twice as many pixels to the first two column as the remaining three.

Which CSS functions will return the smallest or largest value applied to them?

The css functions which will return the smallest or largest value supplied to them is min() or max().

Which CSS Grid-only function allows you to supply a minimum and maximum track size that is calculated in realtime?

The CSS Grid-only function that allows us to supply a minimum and maximum track size that is calculated in realtime is minmax().

Which global CSS function allows you to supply a minimum, ideal, and maxim value that is calculated in realtime?

The global CSS function is clamp()

What attribute of repeat() can be used to fill in as many grid tracks as possible, given certain constraints?

According to the W3 specification on auto-fill and auto-fit, both of these functions will return "the largest possible positive integer" without
the grid items overflowin their container.

What is the difference between auto-fit and auto-fill?

In most cases, auto-fill is going to work exactly the same way as auto-fit. The difference is only noticeable when there are fewer items that can
fill up the entirety of the grid row once. When the grid is expanded to a size where another grid item could fit, but there aren`t any left, auto-fit
will keep the grid items as their max size. Using auto-fill, the grid item will snap back down to their min size once the space becomes available to add 
another grid item, even if there isn`t one to be rendered. They will continue their pattern of growing to max and snapping back to their min as the grid 
expands and more room becomes available for new grid tracks.


